the hand of the Lord came upon me and
the hand of the Lord came upon me and brought me out in the Spirit of the Lord
brought me out in the Spirit of the Lord
brought me out in the Spirit of the Lord and set me down in the midst of the
and set me down in the midst of the
and set me down in the midst of the valley and it was full of bones
valley and it was full of bones
valley and it was full of bones then he caused me to pass by them all
then he caused me to pass by them all
then he caused me to pass by them all around and behold there were very many
around and behold there were very many
around and behold there were very many in the open valley and indeed they were
in the open valley and indeed they were
in the open valley and indeed they were very dry and he said to me
very dry and he said to me
very dry and he said to me son of man can these bones live Oh Lord
son of man can these bones live Oh Lord
son of man can these bones live Oh Lord God you know
God you know
God you know prophesy to these bones and say to them
prophesy to these bones and say to them
prophesy to these bones and say to them Oh dry bones hear the word of the Lord
Oh dry bones hear the word of the Lord
Oh dry bones hear the word of the Lord thus says the Lord God to these bones
thus says the Lord God to these bones
thus says the Lord God to these bones surely I will cause breath to enter into
surely I will cause breath to enter into
surely I will cause breath to enter into you and you shall live I will put sinews
you and you shall live I will put sinews
you and you shall live I will put sinews on you and bring flesh upon you cover
on you and bring flesh upon you cover
on you and bring flesh upon you cover you with skin and put breath in you and
you with skin and put breath in you and
you with skin and put breath in you and you shall live then you shall know that
you shall live then you shall know that
you shall live then you shall know that I am
so I prophesied as I was commanded and
so I prophesied as I was commanded and as I prophesied there was a noise and
as I prophesied there was a noise and
as I prophesied there was a noise and suddenly a rattling and the bones came
suddenly a rattling and the bones came
suddenly a rattling and the bones came together bone to bone
together bone to bone
together bone to bone indeed as I looked the sinews and the
indeed as I looked the sinews and the
indeed as I looked the sinews and the flesh came upon them and the skin
flesh came upon them and the skin
flesh came upon them and the skin covered them over but there was no
covered them over but there was no
covered them over but there was no breath in them prophesy to the breath
breath in them prophesy to the breath
breath in them prophesy to the breath prophesy Son of Man and say to the
prophesy Son of Man and say to the
prophesy Son of Man and say to the breath thus says the Lord God come from
breath thus says the Lord God come from
breath thus says the Lord God come from the four winds o breath and breathe on
the four winds o breath and breathe on
the four winds o breath and breathe on these slain that they may live so i
these slain that they may live so i
these slain that they may live so i prophesied as he commanded me and breath
prophesied as he commanded me and breath
prophesied as he commanded me and breath came into them and they lived and stood
came into them and they lived and stood
came into them and they lived and stood upon their feet an exceedingly great
upon their feet an exceedingly great
upon their feet an exceedingly great army son of man these bones are the
army son of man these bones are the
army son of man these bones are the whole house of Israel they indeed say
whole house of Israel they indeed say
whole house of Israel they indeed say our bones are dry hope is lost and we
our bones are dry hope is lost and we
our bones are dry hope is lost and we ourselves are cut off their form
ourselves are cut off their form
ourselves are cut off their form prophesied and say to them thus says the
prophesied and say to them thus says the
prophesied and say to them thus says the Lord God behold O my people I will open
Lord God behold O my people I will open
Lord God behold O my people I will open your graves and cause you to come out
your graves and cause you to come out
your graves and cause you to come out from your graves and bring you into the
from your graves and bring you into the
from your graves and bring you into the land of Israel
land of Israel
land of Israel then you shall know that I am the Lord
then you shall know that I am the Lord
then you shall know that I am the Lord when I have opened your graves o my
when I have opened your graves o my
when I have opened your graves o my people and brought you up from your
people and brought you up from your
people and brought you up from your graves I will put my spirit in you and
graves I will put my spirit in you and
graves I will put my spirit in you and you shall live and I will place you in
you shall live and I will place you in
you shall live and I will place you in your own land then you shall know that I
your own land then you shall know that I
your own land then you shall know that I the Lord
the Lord
the Lord have spoken it and performed it as for
have spoken it and performed it as for
have spoken it and performed it as for you son of man take a stick for yourself
you son of man take a stick for yourself
you son of man take a stick for yourself and write on it for Judah and for the
and write on it for Judah and for the
and write on it for Judah and for the children of Israel his companions then
children of Israel his companions then
children of Israel his companions then take another stick and write on it for
take another stick and write on it for
take another stick and write on it for Joseph the stick of Ephraim and for all
Joseph the stick of Ephraim and for all
Joseph the stick of Ephraim and for all the house of Israel his companions then
the house of Israel his companions then
the house of Israel his companions then joined them one to another for yourself
joined them one to another for yourself
joined them one to another for yourself into one stick and they will become one
into one stick and they will become one
into one stick and they will become one in your hand and when the children of
in your hand and when the children of
in your hand and when the children of your people speak to you saying will you
your people speak to you saying will you
your people speak to you saying will you not show us what you mean by these say
not show us what you mean by these say
not show us what you mean by these say to them thus says the Lord God surely I
to them thus says the Lord God surely I
to them thus says the Lord God surely I will take the stick of Joseph which is
will take the stick of Joseph which is
will take the stick of Joseph which is in the hand of Ephraim and the tribes of
in the hand of Ephraim and the tribes of
in the hand of Ephraim and the tribes of Israel his companions and I will join
Israel his companions and I will join
Israel his companions and I will join them with it
them with it
them with it with the stick of Judah and make them
with the stick of Judah and make them
with the stick of Judah and make them one stick and they will be one in my
one stick and they will be one in my
one stick and they will be one in my hand and the sticks on which you write
hand and the sticks on which you write
hand and the sticks on which you write will be in your hand before their eyes
will be in your hand before their eyes
will be in your hand before their eyes then say to them thus says the Lord God
then say to them thus says the Lord God
then say to them thus says the Lord God surely I will take the children of
surely I will take the children of
surely I will take the children of Israel from among the nations wherever
Israel from among the nations wherever
Israel from among the nations wherever they have gone and will gather them from
they have gone and will gather them from
they have gone and will gather them from every side and bring them into their own
every side and bring them into their own
every side and bring them into their own lamp
lamp
lamp I will make them one nation in the land
I will make them one nation in the land
I will make them one nation in the land on the mountains of Israel and one king
on the mountains of Israel and one king
on the mountains of Israel and one king shall be king over them all they shall
shall be king over them all they shall
shall be king over them all they shall no longer be two nations nor shall they
no longer be two nations nor shall they
no longer be two nations nor shall they ever be divided into two kingdoms again
ever be divided into two kingdoms again
ever be divided into two kingdoms again they shall not defile themselves any
they shall not defile themselves any
they shall not defile themselves any more with their idols nor with their
more with their idols nor with their
more with their idols nor with their detestable things nor with any of their
detestable things nor with any of their
detestable things nor with any of their transgressions but I will deliver them
transgressions but I will deliver them
transgressions but I will deliver them from all their dwelling places in which
from all their dwelling places in which
from all their dwelling places in which they have sinned and will cleanse them
they have sinned and will cleanse them
they have sinned and will cleanse them then they shall be my people and I will
then they shall be my people and I will
then they shall be my people and I will be their God David my servant shall be
be their God David my servant shall be
be their God David my servant shall be king over them and they shall all have
king over them and they shall all have
king over them and they shall all have one Shepherd they shall also walk in my
one Shepherd they shall also walk in my
one Shepherd they shall also walk in my judgments and observe my statutes and do
judgments and observe my statutes and do
judgments and observe my statutes and do them then they shall dwell in the land
them then they shall dwell in the land
them then they shall dwell in the land that I have given to Jacob my servant
that I have given to Jacob my servant
that I have given to Jacob my servant where your father's dwelt and they shall
where your father's dwelt and they shall
where your father's dwelt and they shall dwell there they their children and
dwell there they their children and
dwell there they their children and their children's children forever and my
their children's children forever and my
their children's children forever and my servant David shall be their Prince for
servant David shall be their Prince for
servant David shall be their Prince for ever
ever
ever moreover I will make a covenant of peace
moreover I will make a covenant of peace
moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them and it shall be an everlasting
with them and it shall be an everlasting
with them and it shall be an everlasting covenant with
covenant with
covenant with I will establish them and multiply them
I will establish them and multiply them
I will establish them and multiply them and I will set my sanctuary in their
and I will set my sanctuary in their
and I will set my sanctuary in their midst forevermore my tabernacle also
midst forevermore my tabernacle also
midst forevermore my tabernacle also shall be with them indeed I will be
shall be with them indeed I will be
shall be with them indeed I will be their God and they shall be my people
their God and they shall be my people
their God and they shall be my people the nations also will know that I the
the nations also will know that I the
the nations also will know that I the LORD sanctify Israel when my sanctuary
LORD sanctify Israel when my sanctuary
LORD sanctify Israel when my sanctuary is in their midst
is in their midst
is in their midst forever moon
forever moon
forever moon [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you